The emperor was poisoned
Then wait a minute.
I'm going to speak to the prince
Princess
It's better not to do those useless things
Just enter the palace
What does the Hu Yonggong thing mean?
Be kind
Don't drag the prince into the water
I see
Then please send a message to Lord Gu Si
Let Tang Yang pay attention to whether the prince is injured
If the fever is severe
Just take a pill I put by the bed
That's a quick fever reducer
He's not asking for help.
Just concerned about the magic condition
You have treated the Supreme Emperor many times
Back to the father's words
Yeah. Where did you learn that?
When daughter-in-law was young
I once met a girl in the rivers and lakes
He lived in Kyoto for a while
He really likes his daughter-in-law
So he asked his daughter-in-law to follow him to learn medical skills for a year
What is your master's name?
Daughter-in-law does not know
Master never stole it
Your first time treating the emperor
Benefit from labor
The prince didn't know about it
I don't know if this is the first time you have given medicine to the Supreme Emperor
It is in the tent that is banned from wolves
You said he didn't know